README.md, before:

# OfFromObservable

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.0.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

from and of operator example

README.md, after:

From and of operator in angular is used to convert data to observable format. From operator is used for complex data while of operator is used for simple data. For dynamic data we use from operator and for static data we use of operator.
Subscriber used to recieve data from observable.

ofObservable = of(1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9);
constructor(){
this.ofObservable.subscribe((result:any)=>{
console.log("Result ", result)
})
}

how many parameters used in of operator that many times the subscriber will work . Here 9 times the subscriber will work.

fromObservable = from('Helloworld');
constructor(){
this.fromObservable.subscribe((data:any)=>{
console.log("From operator Data", data)
})
}
from operator will take as 1 argument as value . In the above example Helloworld will be splitted into each letter. Output as follows
From operator Data H
 From operator Data e
From operator Data l
 From operator Data o
 From operator Data w
 From operator Data o
 From operator Data r
aFrom operator Data l
 From operator Data d
